Hello everyone and welcome to the lecture on the course notes and this lecture and discuss briefly how
to get the course notes and then give me a brief tour of the course notes themselves.
Go ahead and check the resources section for this lecture.
And you should be able to download a zip file the name of the zip file as our dash course that's ASTM
l dash notes zip.
Then go ahead and unzip or extract the files from that zip file and they should all be a group of HTL
files.
You should see them organized by folders.
Let me go ahead and show you what that looks like.
All right well in the course you should see something like this that says resources available.
This will be a video but you'll click resources available and you'll see that course that Tim notes
that it.
Go ahead and click on it to begin downloading it.
Once you've downloaded that file go ahead and extract the folders and files inside of it.
I'm going to go ahead and jump to that now.
All right.
Here I am once you've extracted and unzipped the actual course.
Him all notes.
You'll get something that looks a little bit like this and you should see our for data science machine
learning.
Go ahead and double click that folder and you'll see a variety of folders.
These folders contain the course notes and almost every single lecture in a video lecture has some notebook
or notes associated with it.
For instance we're going to start off with the basics of R and you'll go ahead and for the very first
section click basics of R and data types and you'll see our basics our data frames our list and our
matrices.
These four folders are going to cover the first sections of the course.
And that means you're going to go ahead and for the very first section click are basics.
Now you should see a bunch of HVM files and the name of the files corresponds with the name of the lecturer
.
For instance if you're on the lecture called arithmetic with are the corresponding note book is also
called arithmetic with R and if you ever have any trouble finding these you can go ahead and just post
the Q&A forums and I'll help you find it.
But then you can just double click on that T.M. file and you should see a pop up in your browser with
that actual h tim l file and then you can zoom in and check out the arithmetic with R.
This is a very basic lecture but essentially there's notes and then there's actual code and you can
see that the code is in what is the little code cells here.
And this is the code you can copy and paste into our studio.
Let me go ahead and show you another example that's a little more complex.
I'm going go ahead and jump back to the notes.
All right.
Here I am at the notes.
Let's say you've continued on the course and now you're at the vector an indexing and slicing.
Lecture again you just double click on this HVM Al file and I'll take you to the notes for that file
.
And you'll notice that these notes not only contain code but they also contain useful information that
you can read.
And it's basically explanations that supplement what I'm saying in the videos so you can always reference
these notes in case you want more information than what's in the videos.
And if you ever want the exact code that I put in the videos you can just copy and paste what's in the
cells into your console.
In our studio something to note is that these cells assume that you're putting everything into the console
not the script.
Sometimes if you put stuff in the script you'll have to declare Prince and we'll go over that in a future
lecture.
But for now just keep in mind that if you paste this into your script code and run it and nothing happens
it's probably because you don't have a print statement actually printing your results.
For instance here I just say V-1 now will work in your console.
But if you have it in your script you'll need to say print the one once you get to that section of the
course you should be pretty comfortable with that.
But go ahead and always post to the Q&A forums.
If you have any questions on that.
Now that we have an idea of what these notes actually look like let me go ahead and give you a brief
tour of all the notes for the course.
I'm going to go ahead and hop back to the notes.
OK.
Here's the entire repository of notes.
You'll notice we have basics of our and data types that's going to be the very first section you encounter
.
So go ahead and just start off by looking at the notes here.
You'll serve our basics and then move on to things such as our matrices and here are the lectures for
the matrices section.
Then you move on to the data frames and then you also move on to the lists once you finished the basics
of r.
You may have some training exercises that show up during that section of the course.
All training exercises are located under the training exercises folder.
That means no matter what section you're in.
Even if it's machine learning or data visualization or basics of our program and our if you ever encounter
a training exercise you can find that easily by going to your training exercises folder and then you'll
see capstone and date of his project's exercises.
Exercise solutions and machine learning projects for now at the beginning of the course.
You only have training exercises.
You'll go ahead and click on one of these exercises.
For instance the first one you'll get is the basics exercise.
Go ahead and click on that are basics exercise and you'll see something that looks like this.
And essentially this exercise just has a bunch of questions for you to answer.
And before every exercise I give you a brief introduction to what I actually expect for you to do for
the exercise.
You'll go ahead and answer these questions in our studio.
Now all the exercises in this course are self-created and that means there are solutions for the exercise
.
Going back to the actual notes you were back at the exercise notes.
If you want the solutions you just go back one click exercises that solutions and you'll see solutions
for all the training exercises and that covers the exercises for basically the first half of the course
.
Going back to training exercise once you finished the first half of the Course will start approaching
the capstone project and the data visualization project that's located under the capstone and date of
his projects folder.
Go ahead and click on it.
You can click on the capstone project and see Moneyball project that will be working with the folder
or the html file right.
Therefore as well as the data that's relevant to that.
Again we always show an introduction to the projects and that means if you ever confused on anything
and just reference the intro to the cap some project lecture and then for the data visualization project
again you can reference that here.
Living along you'll also machine learning projects.
I'll review all this information when you actually get to the machine learning section.
But if you're looking for the M-L or a machine learning projects you'll just click under training exercises
machine learning projects and then there's project assignments and solutions as well as the V files
for the data for those machine learning projects.
I'll go over all this information again when we actually get to that second half of the course but for
now which you should just be worried about is being able to find that zip file unzip it and accessing
the basics of our and data types and then go into the relevant section for you.
Then you'll keep moving on to things such as data input and output.
There are some example files for here you as well.
Then there's programming are things such as for loops functions etc..
Advanced Programming.
Then there's also data manipulation which is that the guide to the plier tidy or pipe operation data
visualization has all these plots for you as well as a cheat sheet.
You can check out later.
And then there's interactive data visualisation and program with are all right if you're ever confused
on any of this or you're having trouble unzipping the file.
Go ahead and just post the Kunin forms and the other students and I are happy to help out for any questions
you may have.
All right thanks everyone.
And one more notes.
A lot of people wonder why do we choose h t m l files instead of PDA files.
Well the reason for that is that pedia files will sometimes tend to cut off code if the code is too
long and with HCM l files you can see the entire cell of code no matter how long that particular line
of code was and that's why we chose HVM l files for this course.
If you prefer PDA files you can just google search HVM else to PTF converters and convert all these
ASTM el files to Piaf's if that's easier for you to print out.
Although if you just open this in your browser such as while loops you should be able to just right
click and then select print and print out this file.
But again the reason I chose html files is that a PDA files is that if this particular line of code
is very long the PDA will have a cut off that's smaller than the HTL file and the H-2A metafile will
be able to display everything OK.
Again post the Q&A If you're confused on any of that.
But thanks and I'll see at the next lecture.